Q1:
Configure openshift cluster by creating htpasswd identifier:
 
  HTpasswd identifier name: ex280-htpasswd
  Identity provider secret name: ex280-idp-secret
  Add armstrong user with password sestiver
  Add collins user with password  redhat
  Add peter user with password   redhat2
  Add wick user with password redhat4
  Add job user with password indionce

Q2:
Configure openshift cluster permission , configure cluster permission so that,

--> Job can have cluster administration task
--> collins can create project*  --> self provisoiner role
--> collins cannot have cluster administration task (note:- admin role youhave to add view role  or we can add any role which is not cluster admin role, anything apart from cluster admin role.)
--> armstrong cannot create project remove self provisiuoner
--> Kubeadmin user should be deleted


Q3:
Configure projects for configuring openshift cluster
 
5 projects should exist:
 
--> Sydney
--> Tokyo
--> India
--> China
--> USA
 
John should have admin access to sydney and usa project
Elena should have view access to India.

Q4:
Create groups to configure openshift cluster

Create group named commander and pilot
Add John and wick as the member of commander group
Add elena and peter as the member of pilot group
Commander group should have admin access to sydney
Pilot group should have view access to USA project

Q5:
Create Resource Quota
 
Create a resoure quota "ex280-quota" for defining limits for resource access
for projects in sydney project.
 
i. Total memory amount for max usage is 2Gi
ii. Total CPUdd wick user with  unit for max usage is "2" kuex280-quotabernetes units
iii. Total no of pods should be limited to 13
iv. Total no services should not exceed 10
v. Total no of replication contollers should be 3

Q6:
Create Limit Range
 
Create resource limit file "ex280-quotalimit" for defining range
of resource access based on soft/hard limit.
 
 
i. For pods min cpu limit is "5m" and max is "500m"
ii. For containers min cpu limit is "100m" and max is "500m" and default request of "300m"
iii. For pods min memory is "300Mi" and max is "500Mi"
iv. For containers min memory is "200Mi" and max is "600Mi" and  default request of "400Mi"